== README


= 2-12-2013
- Visibilities check for ALL
- 2 visibilities, 1(Global), 2(Only Me)
- Statistics down for the moment.

= 30-12-2013
- Tomorrow is new years!
- Added Phone to organization and Phone and Email nested models.
- Please add MODALS!
- Added People and Organizations, nested resources.

= 29-12-2013
- Fixed datetimepicker issue on date fields in forms.
- Started building activities.
- Changed contact_id to person_id in activites **MIGRATE**
- Built the form and controller for activities.

= 27-12-2013
- Added deals CRUD
- Plan limited user inviting
- Added an expiry date system although it does nothing at the moment.
- Bullet has an N+1 issue. must fix soon.
- Made some model changes involving person and organization id.


= 24-12-2013
- Users can add, delete other users into their teams.
- Users can see all the teams they belong to when they log in
- Permissions and stuff

= 23-12-2013 Later that day
- Made sure nav changes when in a teamcontroller page and otherwise
- Added friendly id to teams
- Users can create teams
- List of user teams and teams that user is a part of
- Show action redirects to "Deals" action of teamscontroller
- Working on Invite members atm.
- Added authorization to view a team 
- Added a bunch of new routes.


= 23-12-2013
- Added charts to appropriate Models in Rails Admin
- Prevented Admin from seeing certain models
- Prevented Admin from tampering with user data. Cannot delete or edit users, teams or deals. **Doesn't work** Opened an issue will fix whenever



= 23-12-2013
-Added factories(up to date)
- Added renewal_date to team model
- Made and linked join table
- Cleaned up uneccesary colums, string columns to integer, etc
- Added some validations for Plan,types, users, admins, currency

= 22-12-2013 Later that day
- Added models from Engineering Assessment except File. Look at the schema and make the appropriate changes.

= 22-12-2013 15:57
- Added Admin backend.
- Need to prevent Admin from readig personal data of Users

= 21-12-2013 16:30
- Added Type, Plan and Currency models


= 19-12-2013 8:16
- Fixed Specs, fully configured
- Bootstrap/less workaround completed
- Added home controller, 4 views, added a navbar with links to these 4
- Fixed root to index
- Added devise(and secret key) for Admins and users. Removed registerable for Admin.
- Removed unicorn.rb for now, giving me some kind of issue.
- Added signup, sign in links, made them look half decent
- Bug? Views in browser loading slightly slowly, WEBrick is fine(13ms)
